SLDC (Software Development Life Cycle)


1. Software Biiding:
It is a meeting with a client
CTO/CEO are the ones who interact with the client

2. Start-up/Kick-off Meeting:
It is meeting with team members

3. Project Information/Inititation note or document:
Client info will be there
It is written by the project manager

4. Requirements Gathering:
Business Analyst will gather the project requirements of the client
The document is called as BRS document (Business Requirement Specification)
High level requirement specification document

Systems Analyst and Project Manager will together work on 
SRS System Reg Specification
FRS Functional Req Specification

THE SRS/FRS document has the technical requirements and it is handed over to the software developers and the testers for development

If the SRS/FRS document is not available, then the Mock-ups are provided for having an understanding about the project elements.


5. Project Plan:The project manager will prepare a plan to develop the project

6. Design Phase/Plan
HLD: High Level Design
It is defined based on the modules, it is generally a list of modules that are to be implemented in the project

LLD: Low Level Design
It is defined based on the funcationality of the modules, it is generally a list of funcationality of each modules that are to be implemented in the project

7. Coding: Based on the design plan, the developers will go for the development of the project

8. Testing: After the developers have written the code, the project is build, then the project manager handles the build file to the testing manager

9. Release/Deployment/Installation: If the project is tested and ready for the release, then the project is Released/Deployment/Installation into the client server

10. Support or Maintenance: Even after the release of the project there could be some issues, to resolve these issues a team will be assigned to work them.
These members are generally from the team of developers and testers who worked on the project.